README.md, before:

# Mantine Vite template

## Features

This template comes with the following features:

- [PostCSS](https://postcss.org/) with [mantine-postcss-preset](https://mantine.dev/styles/postcss-preset)
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [Storybook](https://storybook.js.org/)
- [Vitest](https://vitest.dev/) setup with [React Testing Library](https://testing-library.com/docs/react-testing-library/intro)
- ESLint setup with [eslint-config-mantine](https://github.com/mantinedev/eslint-config-mantine)

## npm scripts

## Build and dev scripts

- `dev` – start development server
- `build` – build production version of the app
- `preview` – locally preview production build

### Testing scripts

- `typecheck` – checks TypeScript types
- `lint` – runs ESLint
- `prettier:check` – checks files with Prettier
- `vitest` – runs vitest tests
- `vitest:watch` – starts vitest watch
- `test` – runs `vitest`, `prettier:check`, `lint` and `typecheck` scripts

### Other scripts

- `storybook` – starts storybook dev server
- `storybook:build` – build production storybook bundle to `storybook-static`
- `prettier:write` – formats all files with Prettier

Commit message:

Update DeleteData page to call the backend. (#5)
* Update DeleteData page to call the backend.

* Fix style

* Update the client.

* Make it a bit more sketchy backend dev friendly.

* oops

* We needed that

* Add a lint-fix rule and apply it

* Add test

* Implement delete data feature with tests, error handling, and

* Remove bad autogenerated test and run style

* Add MantineProvider and use it.

---------

Co-authored-by: sweep-ai[bot] <128439645+sweep-ai[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# Mantine Vite template

## Features

This template comes with the following features:

- [PostCSS](https://postcss.org/) with [mantine-postcss-preset](https://mantine.dev/styles/postcss-preset)
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [Storybook](https://storybook.js.org/)
- [Vitest](https://vitest.dev/) setup with [React Testing Library](https://testing-library.com/docs/react-testing-library/intro)
- ESLint setup with [eslint-config-mantine](https://github.com/mantinedev/eslint-config-mantine)

## npm scripts

You can run all of the npm scripts with `npm run [scriptname]`

## Build and dev scripts

- `dev` – start development server
- `build` – build production version of the app
- `preview` – locally preview production build
- `lint-fix` - try and fix all lint issues

### Testing scripts

- `typecheck` – checks TypeScript types
- `lint` – runs ESLint
- `prettier:check` – checks files with Prettier
- `vitest` – runs vitest tests
- `vitest:watch` – starts vitest watch
- `test` – runs `vitest`, `prettier:check`, `lint` and `typecheck` scripts

### Other scripts

- `storybook` – starts storybook dev server
- `storybook:build` – build production storybook bundle to `storybook-static`
- `prettier:write` – formats all files with Prettier
